# Champions of Rare Earth (CORE)
Coursework from University of Hertfordshire

## Overview
CORE is a strategy game developed in Java. When a player starts the game, they will be asked for their name. The system will create an instance of the game and automatically load all the sample data of champions and challenges into appropriate variables/collections, and set the treasury to 1000 gulden. The player will be able to create their team by entering some of the available champions into the tournament as part of their team. On entering a champion, appropriate deductions will be made from the treasury to pay for their entry fee. If there is not enough money in the treasury or the champion not available, the champion cannot be entered. Appropriate messages about the outcomes are displayed. A player can choose to fight challenges. The player will be required to provide a challenge number. The system will then select the first appropriate champion which can be used to meet that type of challenge. The result of the challenge will be processed as described above and a suitable message displayed. Challenges may be fought more than once, and the player may view any or all of the challenges. The player may enter or retire champions at any point in the game. Note: champions who are dead cannot be retired or used to fight challenges. The player may also request to see: the state of the game, the state of their treasury, details of all champions still available for entry, details of all the champions in their team, details of all challenges, the state of one champion or challenge.

## Contact me!
For more information about this project, please email me at mgrosmaninho@hotmail.com
